500 word report on Git
Dareah Roberts

GitKraken and Github.  Github is an online repository where you can save your work and the changes you make.  You can use it as teams and bring all your files together in the simplest of terms.  With GitKraken, you can sign in via GitKraken, Github, etc.  Signing in with Github will connect GitKraken to Github.  When you make a change with your work, whether small or big, it will show in GitKraken as WIP, or Work In Progress.  You will then stage these changes to say yes, these changes are wanted and I did them.  You will then commit the staged changes to make it official.  Once committed, you can push all the committed changes so that your other repositories will match with the one you made the changes on.  Local repository would be where you made the changes, and then github is another repository.  So make a change on the local and you'd push it to github.  Move to a different computer and you would pull the changes onto the new local from github.  You can also make branches.  This means you make a new branch from the master branch, a copy of your files to work in so you don't cludder the master branch until you have what you want to merge back into the master branch.  If you want someone to look at the branch before you merge it, you would make a pull request.  Your team would see the request on Github, be able to look at the changes you made and approve and merge the branch, or leave a comment for something for you to change.  This allows teams to work on different things at the same time and then merge their final products with eachother so that each team member has everything and can make the final final product.  Its a good way to split the workload, but keep everyone connected with what they need and can change easily if they need to.  If you make a mistake, it's easy to just undo with the undo button, or you can go to a previous saved file using Git.  (I think.  Not entirely sure how that one works.)  I'm not entirely sure how to reach 500 words now, because I've explained everything I know the best I could.  Pretty sure I came kinda close.  Oh well whatever.  I do my best and I am sorry!